innovation vs invention 

invention - conception - 
innovation - commercialization, trying to take conception to market 

Bulb - made by edison - not first 
	he ensured that you got power (electricity:) in every house 
	electricity power lines followed gas tubes - cheaper in long run and didnt create smoke 

why would economy grow when an innovation takes place
	it increases productivitiy which boosts the economy - e.g. advent of computers - imrpoved people's productivity - leads to better economic growth
	sale of complimentary products 
but why do you have downcycles
	overinvestment - make it a bubble 
	
touchscreens 
	charge based vs 2 screen tech 
	no specific inventor - cause some tech is based on some older tech - a lot of progress has happened - stay away from teh idea that one entity invented something 

Innovation evolution 
	largely unpredictable 

	can see patterns in innovation though 
		transistor count doubles every 2 years for e.g. 
	sparking innovation 
		though urgent need - e.g. to win wars 
			eniac - stemmed from the need to calculate trajectory of missiles 
		napoleon - introduced 

regulation
	corporate average fuel economy - 

accidents 

S curve discussed 
	looks linear? cause log scale used 
technologies that follow the S curve
	cameras 
	social networks? idk 

HP uses S curve to make investment decisions 
	based on what they were tracking 
	limitations? simple model - can have temp dips in curve based on external events e.g. breakthroughs in complimentary technologies - e.g. for digital cameras, itd be editing software and storage hardware 
So S curve is used for specific innovation - and track its success - its prevalence 

what kind of s curve should you go for? 
	some techs are adapted fast, some are slower, 

diapers 
	u can see multiple s curves, each for one generation 
	animal skin to today's polymer 
	performance metric - volume of liquid per square inch of diaper 
		cause larger diapers - can hold more 

Fashion - difficult to have performance metric - sales maybe? idk

incremental vs radiacal improvement 
	incremental - movement along the S curve - ONE S curve
		majority of improvements are incremental  
	radical - jump from one S curve to another 
		2 radical improvements on the graph in slides 
		but most publicity is around these 

product vs process innovation 
	product - improve its features - 
	process innovation - less skilled labour operating specialized equipment - # of steps required to produce dropped down 
		got more and more automated 
		due to these improvements - you could focus on new product features - this was therefore leading to product innovation 
	innovation can be both - depending on whose perspective youre looking at it from - e.g. robots used to make cars, prcoess innovation for the car company, product innovation for robot company 


EINK case study 
preformance 
	resolution 
	power consumption 
	refresh rate 
	thickness? 
challenges at each stage of the curve 
	initial stage - need to do R&D, money from investors and sales - go for low hanging fruit, something that can be made easily    
	middle - marketing and distribution, competition, acceptance of product by market, availablility of complimentary products, should you be technology focused (focuses on developing technology and liscencing it out to other companies) or market oriented (product based, building things that go in hand of the consumer) company? 
	final - should you jump to other technologies - e.g. oled, production costs - now you cannot differentiate between new iterations, so you wanna reduce costs  

patterns in innovation 

